Update Equipment section (#331)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: company/how-to-guides-for-staff/how-to-spend-company-money/README.md

* **MacBook 15”** - For developers choosing to use Macs, we recommend getting a [MacBook Pro 15-inch retina with 512 GB of storage and 32 GB of memory](https://www.apple.com/shop/buy-mac/macbook-pro/15-inch-space-gray-2.6ghz-6-core-512gb) or similar. As an example, other teams may not require 32 GB memory or 512 GB of storage. 
* **PC** - Any suitable laptop with comparable specifications and lower or similar cost to the recommended MacBook. Many of our engineers use Lenovo laptops from the Thinkpad X, T, or P series. If in doubt, we recommend a Lenovo Thinkpad T series.

> After the laptop is received, it is mandatory to register the laptop by completing our [Asset Registration Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfesCJ-XMvXjBxeAYJxvzzbvZHnSv2rH9I48IioJrURNhd7Eg/viewform). If you purchased the laptop on your own and you need to sumbit an expense report, please include the email confirmation you receive after submitting the Asset Registration Form with your expense report. This must be completed within 5 business days after the laptop was received.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After your laptop is received, it is required that you register your laptop by completing an [Asset Registration Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfesCJ-XMvXjBxeAYJxvzzbvZHnSv2rH9I48IioJrURNhd7Eg/viewform). If you purchased the laptop on your own and you are submitting an expense report for reimbursement, attach the Asset Registration email confirmation with your expense report. This step should be completed within 5 business days after your laptop was received.
```

#### Laptop

> Many staff members will use their company issued laptop until it breaks. That said, if your productivity is suffering, you can request a new laptop at any time. The average timeframe for equipment replacement is approximately three years. Laptops must be returned to the company or their drives wiped clean before they are disposed of. After the laptop is purchased and received, it is mandatory to register the laptop by completing our [Asset Registration Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfesCJ-XMvXjBxeAYJxvzzbvZHnSv2rH9I48IioJrURNhd7Eg/viewform). If you purchased your own replacement laptop and you need to sumbit an expense report, please include the email confirmation you receive after submitting the Asset Registration Form with your expense report. This must be completed within 5 business days after the laptop was received.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many staff members will use their company issued laptop until it breaks. That said, if your productivity is suffering, you can request a new laptop at any time. The average timeframe for equipment replacement is approximately three years. Old laptops should be returned to the company. Replacement laptops should follow the registration process similar to new hires by completing our [Asset Registration Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfesCJ-XMvXjBxeAYJxvzzbvZHnSv2rH9I48IioJrURNhd7Eg/viewform). 
```
